_documentation/getting_started.md, before:

---
title: Getting Started
position_number: 1
parameters:
  - name:
    content:
content_markdown: |-
  This document covers all the technical aspects for accomplish an integration with Kibramoa API, a platform that aggregates most popular payments methods from different countries around the world.

  Kibramoa API provides a modern user interface called CashierUI, this application provides a visual way for the merchant’s customers to initiate and complete payments using their preferred payment options from different countries. 

  ### Boarding
  {: .info }

  Kibramoa boarding will setup a basic merchant account for access to all the payment options in different supported countries,

  For access to Kibramoa systems you will need:
    - Prefered countries.
    - Merchant account setup.
    - Merchant-portal access with users enabled.
    - Generate an API KEY.

  For more boarding details please contact us in [Kibramoa](https://kibramoa.com/).

  If you already have an account and want to operate in more countries, please contact our operations team.

  ### Integration Options
  {: .info }
  
  The Kibramoa API offers the following types of integrations for payment processing:
  - Payment Form Integration called Cashier-UI
  - Server to Server Integration (comming soon).

 
left_code_blocks:
  - code_block:
    title:
    language:
right_code_blocks:
  - code_block:
    title:
    language:
---

Commit message:

Restructure of the index
- New Overview section for each topic.
- Added: direct api section with sequence flow and endpoints.

_documentation/getting_started.md, after:

---
title: API Reference
position_number: 1
parameters:
  - name:
    content:
content_markdown: |-
  The Kibramoa API allow merchants to accept payment from most popular payments methods on different countries around the world.

  This API is designed using API REST, and supports two different types of integrations:
  
  - CashierUI: a modern user interface that provides a visual way for the merchant’s customers to initiate and complete payments using their preferred payment options from different countries. 

  - Direct API: set of endpoints that provides all required data to display all available payment options and initiate the payment directly on Kibramoa systems.

  ### Merchant Boarding

  Kibramoa boarding will setup a basic merchant account for access to all the payment options in different supported countries,

  For access to Kibramoa systems you will need:
    - Prefered countries.
    - Merchant account setup.
    - Merchant-portal access with users enabled.
    - Generate an API KEY.

  For more boarding details please contact us in [Kibramoa](https://kibramoa.com/).

  If you already have an account and want to operate in more countries, please contact our operations team.

  ### Integration Options
  
  The Kibramoa API offers the following types of integrations for payment processing:
  - [Cashier-UI: rapid integration using a profesional UI hosted on Kibramoa.](/#cashierCashier%20Integration)
  - [Direct API: direct integration to Kibramoa API.](#apiServer%20to%20Server%20Integration)

 
left_code_blocks:
  - code_block:
    title:
    language:
right_code_blocks:
  - code_block:
    title:
    language:
---
